# gogently

# The GENTLE Compiler Construction System

The original sources are available from [GENTLE.CompilerTools.net](http://gentle.compilertools.net/).

## Restrictions
The GENTLE Compiler Construction System is licensed under a hybrid scheme.

The application may not be used for commerical purposes. If you wish to use
this in a commercial application, please contact Metarg GmbH to obtain a
license for commercial use.

Additionally, all software that you generate using GENTLE-97 must be released
under the version 2 of the GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE.

The conditions on the GENTLE-97 source are as below:

    Metarga GmbH, Joachim-Friedrich-Str. 54, D-10711 Berlin, info@metarga.de
    ------------------------------------------------------------------------
    
    GENTLE 97 CAMPUS EDITION
    
    Copyright (C) 1992, 1997
    
    LICENSE CONDITIONS
    
    ------------------------------------------------------------------------
    THE FOLLOWING LICENSE APPLIES TO THE GENTLE 97 CAMPUS EDITION
    ------------------------------------------------------------------------
    
    A license is granted to you to use GENTLE 97 CAMPUS EDITION
    at no charge for personal and educational purposes and in
    non-commercial projects.  Commercial usage of any kind requires
    a special license from Metarga GmbH.
    
    If you use GENTLE 97 in a non-commercial project, a license is
    granted to you at no charge to distribute the code generated by
    GENTLE 97 as well as the GENTLE 97 runtime as part of your software,
    provided that your software is distributed under the terms
    of the GNU General Public License.
    
    You may not redistribute GENTLE 97. However, you may make available
    an unchanged and complete copies of GENTLE 97 CAMPUS EDITION
    to your students and project partners.
    
    GENTLE 97 IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR
    IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED
    WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
    IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR
    ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
    CONNECTION WITH THE PACKAGE.
    
    ------------------------------------------------------------------------

